Okay.
So in the previous part, we have covered about all the functionalities of the buttons, the text field,
the add download button and to verify the URL.
We have written several functionalities to check that whether the download could be downloaded, the
URL is valid or not.
The HTTP control check, the lowercase check and all types of the check we have looked up to in the
upper part of this download manager file.
Now, in this part we are going to like check.
We have to like update simply the buttons.
You can see that initially we have pause and cancel button enabled when we selected already downloading
file.
Suppose that we have paused the file, then this highlight is going to be different.
If a file is paused, then there is the zoom button and the cancel button will be highlighted.
Only the pause button will not highlight.
So the button highlight think is going to be differ in according to this date.
So there are several steps here.
It is downloading, it is paused, it is error and it is like an error cancer and complete it.
So basically we have four types of status for each download you are done so this is performing or that
only we have to update the buttons highlight according to what is the status so we have for status?
Yes, we have discussed it.
Downloading paused error and complete.
So complete is going to be set as the default like case of this switch statement.
We are using this switch statement to like switch to the highlight according to the status of the buttons.
So yes, if the selected download is not null, this means that we are selecting, although the selection
is made so according to the status of that selected row, the buttons are going to be enabled.
So suppose if we have selected like row which is already downloading, then the pause and cancel button
are set to enable and rest of the two are set to false, which means that that zoom and clear button
are to be set as disabled for our downloading state.
Similarly, for the state, we have already discussed it that the pause button will set to disable and
only the resume and cancel button will be enabled for a pause state.
And for the state only the resume and the clear button will look like like suppose I error arise.
We have discussed it in the working part, so if error arise then we have to like simply assume that
it is not going to work in any way.
One only once it is going to work.
Like suppose that is a break in your network.
The internet is not working correctly.
Then if error state will show you try to like disconnect and connect to your network.
Then if you hit on the resume button, then we can assume that yes, the download can again start if
there was a network issue, but otherwise it is not going to like perform anything that is you button
will not work if the link is broken or there is a problem with the file inside the link.
So yes, this is for the read part.
And by default if the download is completed that everything is set to false despite of this clear button.
So yes, suppose that we have this 100% downloaded file, then if we will select this, then only the
clear button will be set to enable rest.
All of the three will be disabled for a completed state.
Okay.
And also for the cancer state.
So we can like cancel any download in the middle which is going to work in a similar way of a complete
download.
Only the care button is going to be labeled as so what if none of the photos are selected?
Then all the buttons will be set to false.
Like we have in our slides, we have no rows selected.
All the buttons are set to disable this l statement is doing that only now.
So what if that download is completed?
So we have to update the buttons.
According to that we are using this update button's function which we have declared above.
So we are like, yes, this is the update buttons function.
We are going to like call this update button function.
If the download selected is not null and we are selecting that, yes, a file is going to be selected.
Now what is going to be performed?
So this is going to update this is update button's function and this is update function.
So the file file in the like window is going to be updated according to this function.
Now at last we are like setting things to the frame.
So this is the main file which will be responsible for testing and running of the application.
So to run in order to run this download manager, we have to add like this to the OR.
We are using this manager object.
This download manager is the name of our class.
This manager is the object.
This new download manager is going to be run whenever whenever we will try to run Java for this class.
And yes, so this manager will show once the file will be executable and image icon will be displayed
on the taskbar.
So we have to like add this image to our folder.
So I am just, just simply dragging and dropping it in this folder as well.
All the important files are to be consistent inside this SRT folder only.
So I have added this download icon button.
You can see this I can head also.
So we have added this.
Now whenever this application will run, then this icon will be displayed on the top of the page and
the taskbar.
So yes, we have added the image icon, we have set the icon image.
So this is for setting the icon and manager is going to be shown on our window whenever we will run
this class download manager.
So as far I can see that that we have covered everything inside this download manager class and all
the functionalities are to be attached.
So we have like successfully added everything to the frame, we have added functionalities to the button,
we have added this progress, but we have checked the UI and everything like this.
Add download button.
That text field is covered already.
Now we have like a second step to be performed is to create a progress renderer class inside this RC
for that as well.
So Progress Renderer is going to cover the progress bar which is displaying the functionality for like
a percentage of tasks performed, whether it is 0% or it is completed, then it is showing 100%.
So I guess.
So we have imported all the packages which are going to be required inside this progress renderer class.
This progress render class is responsible for this column, this specific column of the table model,
and we are going to cover the progress renderer in this separate class as it is the most important column
of overall table.
So what like this progress render is continuously increasing, so we have to set everything according
to this progress render.
So inside this class I am going to stay like extending it to a j progress bar and with the help of this.
Okay, so this J progress bar is a component of the string library.
We have extended it and the string is already highlighted.
So yes, this is a.
Java swing component that visually displayed the progress of some tasks.
So we have components for everything inside this library.
Things become so simple with the help of these things.
So, okay, so inside this we are going to implement, okay, so what we are going to implement table
cell renderer.
So we are having cells inside the table for progress and that cell is going to increase whenever the
download is going to be performed.
So table cell renderer is going to be implemented.
Now inside this progress render class, we are going to like initialize a constructor for progress render.
So it is going to be written like public progress render.
And here it is.
And inside this, we are going to like initialize two arguments into min and max.
So the progress render is starting from zero and going up to 100.
So yes, the progress render object is created.
Now a super is going to be like display the mean and max state of the progress rendered object.
So I guess we're done with this constructive thing.
Now, our next concern is to like return this progress, but as the renderer for our given tables.
So we are having separate progress, renderers for all the downloads which are taking place.
Okay.
So you can see that here we have like a separate progress renderers for all the files so we are using.
So the above one is showing 22% and the below and ensuring trend is 12%.
So yes, we have to return for every specific though.
So creating a component.
Like it is going to be a function public component and this component is going to get that specific
table cell.
They both said it is.
Everything is to be written in camel case.
So table sell component.
It is like a renderer.
So table setter, renderer component.
We have called inside this function.
We are going to add a table.
Babel, an object which is going to be the value of that specific problem.
Suppose whatever the percent is and a boolean, which is when that is selected.
So the highlight is going to be a bit different if that is selected.
Okay.
So it is to be written together.
So there are three functionalities inside this function.
Okay.
So after this we have two, we have three more like things of focus row and column to attach that also.
So we have like imported all the functionalities of this get table self renderer component.
So there are table value is selected, has focused row and column.
So the progress bar is going to be a unique cell for all the unique downloads taking place for this
for this.
And it is going to have a focus, a specific row, a specific column of the complete table.
And also everything is going to be covered in that order.
So we are setting a percent component for the progress bar, which is going to be a float value.
So we're taking percentage as float is our healthy practice.
So set value in.
So this is for the percentage which is going to be displayed in the progress render item.
So by far we have covered all the things in the download manager class and the progress render class
as well.
We have covered our two classes of this project till now.
Now there are two more classes that are need to be covered are the table model class and the other functionalities
of the table, like the size, the speed, the time and the status part.
And we are going to call that class simply download.
So yes, there are two more classes to be covered after this, so we will see that in the next part.